Cloud changelog - Feb 2nd (#6185)
mattermost/docs: source/install/cloud-changelog.md

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2023-02-02](#release-2023-02-02)
- [Release 2023-01-26](#release-2023-01-26)
- [Release 2023-01-12](#release-2023-01-12)
- [Release 2022-12-20](#release-2022-12-20)
- [Release 2022-12-01](#release-2022-12-01)
- [Release 2022-11-24](#release-2022-11-24)

## Release 2023-02-02

### Highlights

#### Annual Cloud Subscriptions

>  - On the purchase modal, admins are now able to buy an annual cloud subscription starting from their current user count .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - On the purchase modal, admins are now able to buy an annual cloud subscription starting from their current user count.
```

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2023-02-02](#release-2023-02-02)
- [Release 2023-01-26](#release-2023-01-26)
- [Release 2023-01-12](#release-2023-01-12)
- [Release 2022-12-20](#release-2022-12-20)
- [Release 2022-12-01](#release-2022-12-01)
- [Release 2022-11-24](#release-2022-11-24)

## Release 2023-02-02

### Highlights

#### Annual Cloud Subscriptions

>  - On the purchase modal, admins are now able to buy an annual cloud subscription for a user count that exceeds the current user count.

Reviewer: @cwarnermm made a suggestion below but may need your help on this rewording. It should not say for a user count that exceeds their current user count - it could be the same or more.

```suggestion
 - On the purchase modal, admins are now able to buy an annual cloud subscription starting from their current user count .
```

>  - The **System Console > Billing & Account > Subscriptions** page now reflects if the plan is monthly or annual.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - The **System Console > Billing & Account > Subscriptions** page now reflects whether the plan is monthly or annual.
```

>  - Added the ability to migrate from a monthly to an annual Cloud Professional plan.

Reviewer: @johndavidlugtu should we also include a note that monthly is also retiring as a subscription option?

Reviewer 3: Good callout @marianunez and yes

@amyblais Cloud Professional monthly will no longer be offered to new customers starting February 2. Suggest saying

- Cloud Professional monthly will no longer be offered to new customers starting February 2, 2023
- Added the option to migrate from a monthly to an annual Cloud Professional plan for existing Cloud Professional monthly customers

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Improved the user interface of the user profile popover.

#### Administration

>  - Added a dynamic call-to-action under the **System Console > True Up Review System** subsection for air-gapped and non-air-gapped systems.

Reviewer: This is only for self-hosted servers.

 - GraphQL APIs are now correctly counted when measuring performance telemetry.
 - Boards cards are no longer mentioned as being limited in the **System Console**, the limits usage modal, the downgrade modal, or the left-hand side menu.
 - Removed an unused ``ProductLimits.Integrations``.

### Bug Fixes
 - 

### Known Issues

>  - Bot and guest tags truncated on suggestion autocomplete [MM-49973](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-49973).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Bot and guest tags are truncated on suggestion autocomplete [MM-49973](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-49973).
```
